Improve OIDC QSG doc by adding the certificate imports (#4465)
wso2/docs-is: en/identity-server/next/docs/get-started/try-samples/qsg-oidc-webapp-java-ee.md

    sh catalina.sh start
    ```

## Update the java keystore

By default, tomcat is using the default Java keystore (cacerts) to build the SSL connection. In {{ product_name }}, the default certificate is a self signed
certificate. This certificate needs to be added to the Java keystore. Please follow the given steps below to extract the public key from {{ product_name }} 
keystore and import it to the Java keystore.

1. Export the public key from {{ product_name }} keystore.

    - Command
    ``` shell
    keytool -export -alias {{CERT_ALIAS}} -file {{CERT_NAME}} -keystore {{PATH_TO_KEYSTORE}} -storepass {{KEYSTORE_PASSWORD}}
    ```

    - Sample
    ``` shell

>     keytool -export -alias wso2carbon -file carbon_public2.crt -keystore wso2carbon.p12 -storepass wso2carbon

Reviewer: Chall we mention the default keystore location as well in IS. Also the default key store is .jks file.

    sh catalina.sh start
    ```

## Update the java keystore

By default, tomcat is using the default Java keystore (cacerts) to build the SSL connection. In {{ product_name }}, the default certificate is a self signed
certificate. This certificate needs to be added to the Java keystore. Please follow the given steps below to extract the public key from {{ product_name }} 
keystore and import it to the Java keystore.

1. Export the public key from {{ product_name }} keystore.

    - Command
    ``` shell
    keytool -export -alias {{CERT_ALIAS}} -file {{CERT_NAME}} -keystore {{PATH_TO_KEYSTORE}} -storepass {{KEYSTORE_PASSWORD}}
    ```

    - Sample
    ``` shell
    keytool -export -alias wso2carbon -file carbon_public2.crt -keystore wso2carbon.jks -storepass wso2carbon
    ```
    
        !!!tip

>             The default keystore location of {{ product_name }} is **{{IS_HOME}}/repository/resources/security**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            The default keystore of {{ product_name }} can be found in **{{IS_HOME}}/repository/resources/security** directory.
```
